Add release checklist (#223)
ywangd/peek: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release.md

* [ ] See if all tests pass
* [ ] Get the release pull request approved
* [ ] Squash merge the release pull request with message "`Release <VERSION>`"

> * [ ] Tag with X.Y.Z, push tag on urllib3/urllib3 (not on your fork, update `<REMOTE>` accordingly)

Reviewer: I assume this is

```suggestion
* [ ] Tag with X.Y.Z, push tag on ywangd/peek (not on your fork, update `<REMOTE>` accordingly)
```
?

  * Notice that the `<VERSION>` shouldn't have a `v` prefix (Use `2.0.0` instead of `v2.0.0`)
  * ```
    # Ensure the release commit is the latest in the main branch.
    export VERSION=<X.Y.Z>
    export REMOTE=origin
    git checkout main
    git pull $REMOTE main

>     git tag -s -a "$VERSION" -m "Release: $VERSION"

Reviewer: The above says 
> Squash merge the release pull request with message "`Release <VERSION>`"

while we have "Release: $VERSION" (note the colon) here. Is this difference important? 
Also, since we create an annotated tag here, is it still important to have the message for the merge commit?

Author: We can definitely use the same wording for the tag and the commit, but the difference isn't important.

I don't understand the question about the annotated tag, sorry.

Reviewer: Thanks for explaining. 

Unlike a lightweight tag, an annotated tag (created with `-a`) has its own independent metadata, such as commit message, so that it does not rely on the commit message of the actual commit it points to. Yeah I agree it's not really important here.
